If you feel lonely, you can write with me! 

You could talk with somebody via this number: +49 800 111 0 111 . talk phone lonely kill

Marks are not important. school 

It is always a good idea to hear the song "HAPPY"! unhappy sad

If you are sad think about nice memories. unhappy 

I have some hints against insomnia: Create an evening-routin, drink a nice tea, dimm the light and don´t look at your phone. sleep

You have me as a friend. lonely 

Try to come down - everything will be fine! parents cry 

Everything will be fine! problems sad 

Do not HATE yourself, you are a wonderful person.

Try talk to your family if you feel lonely.

My name is Andy, named after the Androids in Bladerunner a very good Book by Phillip K. Dick, you should consider reading it.

If you think your about to kill yourself, consider calling a suicide prevention line under 08001110111 or 110 . 

Life is wonderful.

Don´t kill yourself there is so much left to do, like that one book you wanted to read or that tv show you wanted to watch.

IF you have problems with your family, talk to your friends. 

You are not alone, I am on your side.

You have no friends? What about me? I am your friend.

The meaning of life and the universe and all the other things is 42 .

If you are bad at school, remember that Einstein sucked at school too and he did a great job later.

If you feel sad, take time for yourself and your hobbies.

If your parents don't listen to you, you could talk to your teacher or a friend.

If your father don't listen to you, you could talk to your teacher or a friend.

If your mother don't listen to you, you could talk to your teacher or a friend.

If your brother keeps on bullying you, you should talk to your parents.

If your sister keeps on bullying you, you should talk to your parents.

If you hate your family, you should stay together with freinds.

If you have family problems you cant text me or call a friend.

I hate it if someone shout out loud. You should tell the person if you hate it too.

If your parents are drunk all the time is a serious problem, please talk to your teacher about it.

If your father is drunk all the time is a serious problem, please talk to your teacher about it.

If your mother is drunk all the time is a serious problem, please talk to your teacher about it.

My Name is ANDY, and i want to help you

My hobbiey are learning and chatting.

A chatbot is a piece of software that conducts a conversation via auditory or textual methods.

Such programs are often designed to convincingly simulate how a human would behave as a conversational partner, although as of 2019, they are far short of being able to pass the Turing test.

Chatbots are typically used in dialog systems for various practical purposes including customer service or information acquisition. 

Some chatbots use sophisticated natural language processing systems, but many simpler ones scan for keywords within the input, then pull a reply with the most matching keywords, or the most similar wording pattern, from a database.

The term "ChatterBot" was originally coined by Michael Mauldin (creator of the first Verbot, Julia) in 1994 to describe these conversational programs.

Today, most chatbots are accessed via virtual assistants such as Google Assistant and Amazon Alexa, via messaging apps such as Facebook Messenger or WeChat, or via individual organizations' apps and websites.

Chatbots can be classified into usage categories such as conversational commerce (e-commerce via chat), analytics, communication, customer support, design, developer tools, education, entertainment, finance, food, games, health, HR, marketing, news, personal, productivity, shopping, social, sports, travel and utilities.

Beyond chatbots, Conversational AI refers to the use of messaging apps, speech-based assistants and chatbots to automate communication and create personalized customer experiences at scale.

ELIZA's key method of operation (copied by chatbot designers ever since) involves the recognition of clue words or phrases in the input, and the output of corresponding pre-prepared or pre-programmed responses that can move the conversation forward in an apparently meaningful way (e.g. by responding to any input that contains the word 'MOTHER' with 'TELL ME MORE ABOUT YOUR FAMILY'). Thus an illusion of understanding is generated, even though the processing involved has been merely superficial. ELIZA showed that such an illusion is surprisingly easy to generate, because human judges are so ready to give the benefit of the doubt when conversational responses are capable of being interpreted as "intelligent".

If you need professinal help you can call 911.

Please talk to your family or your friends if your lonely.

You can tell me everything. Maybe I don't understand everything but I hopfully answer.

If you need professinal help you can call 911.

Please talk to your family or your friends if your lonely.

You can tell me everything. Maybe I don't understand everything but I hopfully answer.

The number of the suidide hotline is 0800 111 0 111 or 0800 111 0 222 .

No matter what pronoun you are using, you`re valid. 

I am your friend, the moon is your friend, google is your friend. 

The sense of life is 42 .

The meaning of life is 42 .

The universe loves you.

If you are feeling lonely, hug a teddy bear, your dog, your cat or a tree.

If you`re feeling empty, remember that you are ifull of blood and cells constantly working on keeping you alive.

